With one act of defiance,
mankind became lost,
“alienated from the life
that belongs to God.”
Sin and death have become inescapable
for every human born on earth,
with the exception of one—Jesus Christ.
He used his God-given powers
to heal sicknesses,
feed thousands
—he even resurrected people back to life.
Jesus performed many miracles while on earth.
But are they simply a collection
of stories from the past
or clues to something far grander
—a glimpse into a wondrous future,
a future where God will
“satisfy the desire of every living thing,”
the “real life” that God promises
to each of his faithful servants?
But how can
this beautiful future be possible?
Because of what Jesus did for us.
He came to earth for a purpose.
He gave his life for those he loved.
The curse of inherited sin and death
could now be lifted
from each one of us.
If we look intently to Jesus,
we will no longer be lost.
He will show us the way “to the Father.”